
Warren Buffet
"Rule Number One: Never lose money.
Rule Number Two: Never forget Rule Number One."

"Ben Graham said: 'Investment is most intelligent when it is most businesslike.' These are the nine most important words ever written about investing."

"A good business is not always a good purchase, although it is a good place to look for one."

"I would sooner buy a great business at a fair price than a fair business at a great price."

"When a management with a reputation for brilliance tackles a business with a reputation for poor economics, it is the reputation of the business that stays intact."

T Rowe Price
"Even the amateur investor who lacks training and time to devote to managing his investments can be reasonably successful by selecting the best-managed companies in fertile fields for growth, buying their shares and retaining them until it becomes obvious that they no longer meet the definition of a growth stock."

"'Growth stocks' can be defined as shares in business enterprises that have demonstrated favourable underlying long-term growth in earnings and that, after careful research study, give indications of continued secular growth in future...Secular growth extends through several business cycles, with earnings reaching new high levels at the peak of each subsequent major business cycle..."

Philip A Fisher
"I don't want a lot of good investments; I want a few outstanding ones."

"The greatest investment reward comes to those who by good luck or good sense find the occasional company that over the years can grow in sales and profits far more than industry as a whole."

"The business 'grapevine' is a remarkable thing. It is amazing what an accurate picture of the relative points of strength and weakness of each company in an industry can be obtained from a representative cross-section of the opinions of those who in one way or another are concerned with any particular company."

"If the job has been correctly done when a common stock is purchased, the time to sell it is - almost never."

Kenneth L Fisher
“Your biggest investing enemy is your brain.”

“A good way to think about successful investing is it’s two-thirds not making mistakes, one-third doing something right.”

“I call the stock market The Great Humiliator. It wants to humiliate as many people as it can, for as long as it can, for as many dollars as it can.”


 Jim Slater

"Become as expert as possible in your chosen niche market. You will achieve your objective, like Montgomery and Napoleon before him, by concentrating your attack."

"Investment is the art of the specific and selection is far more important than timing."

"The price of growth shares can only increase due to earnings growth and a status change in the multiple [the P/E ratio]. The latter is often much more important than the former."

"Elephants don't gallop - but fleas can jump to over two hundred times their own height"

Peter Lynch
"If you stay half-alert, you can pick the spectacular performers right from your place of business or out of the neighbourhood shopping mall, and long before Wall Street discovers them."

"The very best way to make money in a market is in a small growth company that has been profitable for a couple of years and simply goes on growing."

"The way you lose money in the market is to start off with an economic picture."

"You don't get hurt by what you do own that goes up. It's what you do own that kills you."

Ralph Wanger
"First I determine themes that will be played out over the next several years. Then I identify groups of stocks that reflect those themes."

"What I don't want are me-too companies that rank fifth or sixth in their industry, because their profit margins will rarely be as good as those of the industry leaders."

"Going downstream - investing in the businesses that will benefit from new technology rather than in the technology companies themselves - is often the smarter strategy."

"Assume that one of your eccentric friends who runs a large bank has just offered to lend you a great deal of money at about 10 percent interest, with which you may tender for all the stock of the company you are studying at the current market price. If you study the company and say 'Boy, this is terrific! Give me the loan and I'll do it. I'll quit my job and go run that company. It's a tremendous bargain,' then you probably have a good stock."

 William O'Neil
"The whole secret to winning and losing in the stock market is to lose the least amount possible when you're not right."

"Always sell your worst stock first."

"What seems too high and risky to the majority generally goes higher and what seems low and cheap generally goes lower."

"History will repeat itself."

 Sir John Templeton
"History shows that time, not timing, is the key to investment success. Therefore, the best time to buy stocks is when you have money."

"I never made money for clients by buying anything expensive."

 John Neff

"Absent stunning growth rates, low P/E stocks can capture the wonders of P/E expansion with less risk than skittish growth stocks."

"As a low P/E investor, you have to distinguish misunderstood and overlooked stocks selling at bargain prices from many more stocks with lacklustre prospects."

"A dividend increase is one kind of 'free plus'. A free plus is the return investors enjoy over and above initial expectations. One of Ben Franklin's wise observations offers a parallel: 'He who waits upon Fortune is never sure of a dinner.' As I see it, a superior yield at least lets you snack on hors d'oeuvres while waiting for the main meal."

"An awful lot of people keep a stock too long because it gives them warm fuzzies - particularly when a contrarian stance has been vindicated. If they sell it, they lose bragging rights."

